Added Customizing Look and Functionality section (#149)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Integration Basics/index.md

```

### 5. Template Coloring

> You can alter template coloring of the initial template that appears. For more information on altering the template coloring, see the [Customizing the Template guide](Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the color scheme of your templates. For more information, see the [Customizing the Template guide](Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Template) section.
```
